The distinguished smell of unearthly flesh trailed through the corridor. Filling the castle halls with its metallic essence, it creaked below Lor’s door crack, wisping around, and filling her nose. Vampire! Terrified, Lor, who slept at the time, leaned forward with a winded gasp, certain one lurked from a shadowed corner. Her eyes beamed from side to side, fingertips clenching her blanket at eye level. She stalled a few seconds as her surroundings narrowed inwardly, eyes magnifying every crevice and corner, ensuring no one was there. The silky duvet which acted as a shield fell to her lap. To mollify her jitters, she let out a heavy sigh. However, she say in a rut, annoyed by her dagger-like fangs which naturally descended on instinct. Two of them hung at the corners of her mouth, the only ounce of turning she ever experienced. How could two fangs be any form of defense against a beastly vampire? She found them useless. It took forever for them to slither back into her gums anyhow. Over the bit of fear that seemed to have occurred from nothing, she slumped her head back against her pillow, puzzled by the lingering aroma that produced no proof of a vampire. It wouldn’t pass, which brought her to wonder, Is there a vampire lurking on our grounds? The notion sent her to her feet and down the hall to her father’s bedroom. He always knew what to do in these situations and whether a threat was among them. She opened his brown oak door, heavy at the push, and peeked inside. His room held an emptiness she couldn’t fathom. Where the hell is he? It’s awfully late. Her brows creased as her hazel orbs scoped the entire quarters, checking for his armor, sword, and helmet. Still, in tact on a bent up mannequin, she wondered if his absence had anything to do with the skin, crawling smell. Then a ripple of cool air rushed up her nightgown running a stroke along the lumps of her spine. Finger-like in its feel, she shuttered, heart racing, with eyelids clenched in terror. As her head hid between her father’s door and its frame, the hairs on her neck and arms straightened. Her breaths were light and fast, as if she’d been running. She was certain someone or something stood behind her. It had to be the vampire looming closely behind. She could feel it, the scent fuming intensely now. Would they harm her now? Did they harm her father? In a quick fashion, she twirled around, eyes at a full bulge, to find no one there. She veered left and right, worried she’d detect something……someone. The strong smell seemed to swivel from one area to another, remaining unseeable. At the edge of the narrow, wood-paneled hall, she saw a black cloud materialize into beady, floating mist. The dim atmosphere coated with shadows barely gave her a clear visual. She squinted at the levitating force, questioning if she was hallucinating, hoping it would not wind her if she wasn’t. However, it coiled off into the distance just as fast as it evolved, movement quicker than the speed of light. At least now she knew it not to be imaginary. How could everything she just sensed moments ago, smell, touch, and sight, be even that? The hell was that thing, she wondered, breathing accelerated as her heart rammed against her rib cage. What made matters worse, this specific hallway naturally terrified her. Here she was alone in its sheer darkness. Where was everyone anyway? She could have searched around, but her trembling legs remained in place, trying to recirculate ease. With her back hunched, her palms slammed to her thighs to help the process. She inhaled deeply and exhaled all of the fear she could. With all considered, she used the only thing that seemed to work right now, her voice. Her back straightened as she compelled herself to yell, “FATHER!” When he didn’t respond, she yelled out again to the others who were often in the vicinity. “GUARDS! MAIDS! ANYONE?”“Princess?” said Naomi emerging from the stairs far sooner than she expected. “What’s going on?” She was Lor’s maid.“There’s a vampire here….tormenting me.”“My lady, I assure you. No vampire is tormenting you.”“I can smell him….her…” Like a mad woman, her voice shot across the hallway to the empty space the dark cloud hovered, like it hadn’t already gone. “Whoever you are!”With a wrinkled crease forming on her forehead, Naomi appeared puzzled for a moment. Then her bubbly charm returned soon after.“Your snout is right. There are vampires here, but they are meeting with your father right now. I didn’t see any of them leave.”“Vampires meeting with father? Are you certain?”“Yes!” The corners of Naomi’s mouth curled up as she let out a giggle from what appeared to her to be a misunderstanding. “I’m on duty for tea. Vampires are heavy tea drinkers ya’ know. Was just about to brew them some more.” Her eyebrows furrowed with concern. “Then I heard you screaming.” Lor’s voice let out a sharp, raspy whisper. “Why are they here and why are you serving them?” She moved closer to Naomi, their chests inches apart. Just as her maid parted her lips to answer, Lor interrupted. “You can’t trust them. Have you forgotten what they’ve done?”The reason behind their visit was no secret to Naomi. In fact, she waited around for orders the entire meeting with no alternative but to listen in on the details. Regardless of her loyalty to Lor, she didn’t want to be the one to tell her what they spoke about. Besides, she distinctively remembered Lor’s father saying that whatever was said in the room mustn’t leave past his doors, or something along those lines. For that reason, she maneuvered around all accounts of their conference, at best answering the trivial questions. “Your father requested me for services, which included tea. I had no choice. And god no I haven’t forgotten, but you have it all wrong. The king and prince of Ustoria are here, not—you know who.”“The king and his son? What business do they have here?”“Important matters, of course.”“You said you were there and that no one left, so that tells me you heard something.”“Uh, erumm, right and no one left, but I must get back.” The answer gave her factors to who, but still, not why. Their arrival couldn’t have been a secret to those who dwelt in the castle either, not with the smell they effused. She wondered if the other minx knew the reason for their presence and if so, why couldn’t she?Naomi’s answer and the lack thereof, irritated her. In a bout of rage, her forehead creased as her narrowed gaze fixated on Naomi’s felicitous demeanor. Who did she think she was to withhold such information? An over-exaggeration of what she regarded as deceit, Lor’s face darted forward, shiny fangs at the edges of her mouth ready to maul. She left an ounce of space between their faces. “You will tell me why the king and his spawn are here!” Naomi staggered back, catching the end of her dress in her heel, but her shifting feet caught ground. The shock ripped through her lungs when she gasped. If only she hadn’t responded to the princess’s call, this conversation could have been avoided. But then again, she had to remind herself where her loyalty lay. In a way, it almost seemed King Leonebus, Lor’s father, diverted it. Only for now, she thought. If she wouldn’t give the answer, she’d at least provide a clue on how Lor could find out. To cover up her fear, she restricted her trembling by firmly wrapping her arms across her waist. “Your father will explain everything.” She rushed off before Lor could convince her otherwise.Everyone bone in Lor’s body wanted to barge inside her father’s office to address him, to gain some clarity on this absurd occurrence. Vampire and Minx did not gather for meetings or serve each other tea. They steered clear of one another. The only thing they ever engaged in, war and violence.She started to make her way to his quarters, but stalled, wondering if it was a bright idea to challenge her father in their enemy’s presence. Their relationship had already soured for reasons she took responsibility for. This would only make things worse. In fact, her father had a very strict relationship with her, one that stemmed from the transparency she boldly wore. This wouldn’t be the first time she interrupted an important meeting. She swallowed her pride, embarrassed by her desire to preserve the little love they had left for each other. She went back inside her room instead, where the silvery scent seemed to have dissipated. In an effort to look past the vampire’s arrival, she shrugged her shoulders and fell to her bed.From side to side, she shifted, only clamping her eyes shut, just to open them again. She could not take it anymore nor deny that she needed to know why vampires lingered in her home. Once again, she hopped to her feet, this time grabbing a robe. Her nightgown ran to her ankles but exposed her cleavage. She put it on and tied it closed with only her collarbone visible. Just as she reached for the door, someone opened it from the other side.Dom, a well-mannered soldier, with the most gorgeous face, and also her lover, heaped through the entrance. His skin was as crisp as a molten lava cake. With heavy blue eyes, both tantalizing and magnetic, women fiend for him. She often felt fortunate that he chose her, but then again, he obviously felt the same since she was the princess of his country. However, she knew her lifestyle couldn’t be easy to deal with. At least with a commoner, their relationship wouldn’t have to be a secret. “What are you doing here?” Lor shut the door in a hurry. “I didn’t send for you. You know better than to just show up and at my!”“Welp, I couldn’t climb up the balcony with vampires lurking about.”“What?” Her eyes pulsed in fear.“I’m kidding. But the castle is on heavy guard since they’re here. Which brings me to tell you something.” His handsome grin faded to serious quickly. “Well, for starters, do you have any inkling as to why they’re here?” When she shook her head no, he continued saying, “Your father is offering them a peace treaty to end the war.”“You and I know that we can’t trust them. How does he even intend on sealing this treaty?”“Well, he plans to marry you off to Prince Nel.”“You’re joking right?” His deniable comment made her smirk.“I wish I were.” Her mouth sunk and a nauseous feeling swirled around her stomach. “Oh no. I will not. I knew Father didn’t like me, but this! He hates me doesn’t he?” “It’s already done, Lor. I’m hurt about this too.” His sullen gaze nearly pulled at her heartstrings, but she was too consumed with what he told her.“I won’t agree to this.”“Don’t! But please also don’t tell your father you heard this from me when you go to confront him tomorrow.”“I’m confronting him tonight, so you be on your way. I can’t even think about fucking you. Get out!” In his effort to intercede her implication which downplayed his reasons for coming, she shoved him out the door, slamming it in his face. She pressed an ear to it, certain he would plea. Not a sound came from the other side as she listened out, in a way hoping he would beg for her time, come in and hold her, tell her everything would be okay. She heard his heavy steps on the stairs. Her legs nearly went after him almost ashamed by her actions. He had to be upset about her dismissal. He surely is heartbroken by this marriage. Even if she made it clear to him that they could be nothing more than friends, who occasionally slept together, he devoted himself to her. Somehow the timing did not seem suitable to ponder on such things. She needed to get to the meeting and address her father.Before storming into the hall, she took a deep breath, bracing herself for whatever backlash would come after. She scurried down the red carpet stretching across the narrow walk. It painted a trail down the stairs, which she followed. In another hall, she rushed by the kitchen, the dining room, and inside the library. Her father’s office took up the back of it, a large room secured by double doors. She footed through an isle of ceiling tall bookshelves, eyeing the doors ahead and their botanical carvings, wondering if she was bold enough to burst through them. By this point, she inhaled enough air to muster up some courage to do just that. When her hand reached the knob, thoughts a swinging pendulum, she regretted that decision as she rammed her way inside. Her father and four vampires had their eyes pinned on her. A cold shiver electrified her body in brief. Was it the vampire’s curious eyes or her father’s grilling gaze? She took a huge gulp before addressing him. “Father, we need to talk?” Her eyes leered at Prince Nel who was fascinatingly handsome. It was almost disappointing how wrong she was about him, but then again, his caramel face enticed her not in a way of desire, but curious scrutiny. She heard about the two inch scar over his eye, assuming it would lessen his appeal. Oddly, it gave him an edge. She found herself intrigued by all of him as he sat in a chair with its red, leather back to her, yet his neck peeked behind it, muscular arms leaning on the armrest. His dark pupils dilated as seconds passed, stealing her gaze, swallowing her attention and all the negative notions about him. He did a slow, inviting blink before letting his fangs descend a smidge. It caused her to blush and her insides to warm, particularly her lower half. She scoffed at his ability to make her feel such a way because he was a stranger who happened to be a vampire. The very monster she should rebuke and be repulsed by. In the heat of the moment, a chilling stroke ascended up her spine, quite familiar with the feeling from earlier. It was you! she thought as she scolded him. Just when her mouth widened and her heart fluttered with anxiety, Leonebus cut the drawing allure he had on her.In an annoyed tone, obvious to her, but not to them, he said, “I’m guessing someone has told you the great news.” With eyes pinched, he beamed them at Naomi who stood stationed by a window, certain she did. Lor didn’t even notice her until then. “It wasn’t her.” She decided to let go of her anger towards Naomi since her father forced her hand.“Well, now that you’re here, please make a proper introduction to our guests.” Her father grinned hoping his daughter would, for once, do as he asked. She let a few seconds pass before sharply saying, “Hi!” Leonebus sent her a pinched gaze before clearing his throat and carrying out the task himself. “Prince Nel, King Serphen, this is my daughter, Princess Loretta. We both are thrilled to join families.” “Says you! I would never marry a vampire!” With his eyes bulging from their sockets, King Leonebus shot up from his chair. The overpowering build of his arms leaned upward as his hands lay on his desk, flexing through his jacket. His pierced lips peeked through his grey mustache and disheveled beard. Her father was an eye catching, beige complexion, minx who gave an ugly face when angry. No one dared make him turn. As he walked around the table, his long, black, and wavy mane bounced above his shoulder. He strutted toward her, jaw clenched, fist bald and ready to knock her head loose. Instead, he scooped an arm around her bicep, tugging her toward the exit. That did no justice since she ripped away from him. “I am not leaving.” Her gaze met with the vampires as a whole, amused by her outburst. Their lips were pierced and widened with awe. She leered at them, King Serphen, Prince Nel, and the two knights who came along. “But you all are. This spectacle is over!” “Get out, Loretta!” Leonebus pointed a finger at the door. She almost spoke against her father, then recognized the trembling embarrassment that slowly began to rise within her. It was triggered by the disgust he wore on his face and the volume in his words. She felt like a little girl again, small, voiceless, and stupid if she wouldn’t take heed of his command. The marriage seemed to be at the back of her mind now, but the need for her father’s approval, front and center. With speed, her feet pedaled backward and did a spin out the door where she scurried off. She thought, Maybe I went about this all wrong……Again. Back inside her room, Lor paced around, dissatisfied with how things played out. Her brain ripped apart as her skull flooded with anger. Then it turned into sadness, a feeling she refused to be familiar with. How could her father do this to her? She swiped a tear back in her eye, easing toward a mirror to confirm no trace of it. Then a loud knock at her door sent her heart through her chest.With speed, she went to open it expecting Dom to be on the other side. To her surprise, Prince Nel stood in the doorway. His height overshadowed her five foot frame. The corners of his mouth curled up revealing his sharpened fangs. She panted in disarray as his sultry, black pupils dilated, stunning her, and restricting any movements or words to leave her lips. Was it desire causing him to gaze in such a way?She did not want to make false assumptions, but his stare gave off such an appeal, one that shot volts up her spine. Her breaths quickened as she stood with shame at the feelings he gave her. She hated it. She hated him. Just as she took a deep inhale, she spoke firmly in her words. “What the hell are you doing at my door you beast? Why are you upstairs where you shouldn’t be?” Her insult triggered him, causing his teeth to sharpen in defense, for the word beast, unknowingly to her, was a cruel term in Ustoria. He kept calm, however, in spite of his subtle urge to put her in her place. “I went after you when you left. Trailed your delicate scent to this room. I see I’ve wasted my time.” His voice was as smooth as his caramel skin, another misconception she had about him and vampires. How could someone so evil have such flawless skin and a delicate voice to match it? Her own, which was acne prone if she ate something sweet, on a good day couldn’t even compare to his. She was undoubtedly irritated by him at this point and his perfections. “You creep! And what do you mean you wasted your time?”“It means I’m not too thrilled by this marriage either. I am sorry for bothering you, princess.” When he swiveled around, his back to her, he made an attempt to head back downstairs. Not even a yard away, she yelled for him.“Wait!” He froze in place, with open ears. The urge to stop him enraged her, but she yearned for the truth. “What is the real reason you’ve come to my room?”“I wanted to personally introduce myself to my potential wife, the proper way,” Nel said, his back still facing her.“Ha! Introducing yourself won’t make me change my mind about you.” Nel shifted around, eyes grilling hers. “And your attitude is supposed to change my mind about you?” He floated in her direction, leaving centimeters between them. As he towered over her thin frame, he sensed the vulnerability at the core of her inner thighs. He smirked as he realized the effect he had on her. “The things I would do to you to make you fall in line. You’d never dare speak to me in such ways again.” He closed the gap between them, now looking down at Lor. “But, as you said, you’ll never marry me. So I guess you’ll never know.” Lor shivered in disarray, still in denial about her, obvious, physical responses to his seductive gestures. Her chest expanded broadly and she let out a faint sigh. His piercing eyes stared into hers and the lack of distance between them was a lot for her to take in. She didn’t appreciate the aggression he masked with flirtatious behavior. How she saw it, he was a stranger in her space, a preying vulture, her enemy, looking for ways to intimidate her. Then again, she wondered if she acted with grace, would he have come more correctly? To make matters worse, she still did not address him about earlier, lurking in her room, brushing her flesh. She was angry now, face twisted with rage. Her gaze puzzled him. It took her a moment to gather her thoughts and finally realize she should have addressed him about it when she opened the door. “I don’t wish to know about your sinister ways of placing women into submission. You’re a sick person who sneaks around people’s rooms as they sleep. I know it was you earlier and I can have you arrested for trespassing and putting your hands on me.”“I do not know what you speak of. I’ll take my leave now. I see my presence…riles you.”When he shot a glance below her pelvis, his eyes shot back up fully pinched. A subtle smirk rounded the corners of his mouth. “You have a marvelous night, princess.”   