Summer of RegretBy Mark Weaver Chapter 1 - The Big Move  1986      The old red Cadillac sat idling by the curb, its shiny chrome flashing in the sunlight.  Pete sat inside, the radio playing golden oldies from the 60’s, staring across the street towards a brown ranch style house that had been built a few years back.  He looked at the street sign and shook his head.     “Bugle Trail,” he said softly to himself, and laughed.     Moments later a black and white police cruiser pulled up slowly behind him and stopped.  Pete looked in his rear view mirror as the door to the car behind him opened and a tall, lanky officer crawled out and started walking towards the Cadillac.  Pete rolled down the window.     “Pete,” the officer said.  “How the hell are you?”     Pete looked out the window for a moment before recognition hit him.  He opened the door and got out.     “John? Is that really you?”  Their hands reached out for a shake.     “Yep. It’s me.  Sheriff of Lake Johnson."     They stood for a moment, looking at each other and feeling the years fall away.     “I got a call from the man across the street saying a big red Cadillac had been sitting across the street for an hour or so and he thought it might be robbers,” John said.  “The only car that fits that description belonged to your grandfather, so I thought it might be you running over some old times.  How long has it been?”     “I was back for my grandfather’s funeral a few years back but didn’t spend much time here. First time I’ve been right here in almost twenty years.  Interesting they named the street Bugle Trail.  Not quite the same though.”     John and Pete both turned and looked at the house across the street.  If the owner had looked closer he would have seen them looking in his backyard at the huge ash tree.  There were still old boards hanging from the upper branches that some unknown kid had nailed in years ago.  They went all the way to the top except for a gap of about 10 feet towards the very top.     “You still think about that summer much?” John asked.     “All the time,” Pete said.  “All the time.”    1967      Pete sat on the porch of his grandfather's old Victorian house, rocking in a faded wicker chair and watching the rain fall on the moving van parked in front of the house. The rain fit his mood...after all, how would anyone feel if they were ripped up from their home the day after school ended, thrown into the backseat of the beat up family station wagon and driven across the state to live in a place where they didn't have a single friend.     He had visited his grandfather many times before, but never long enough to make friends with anyone.  And his grandfather lived in this old, wooden three story house in the middle of a field that wasn't next door to anything but oak trees, mosquitoes and a swamp.  Pete wondered how the heck a kid was supposed to find anyone to play with if they were stuck in the middle of nowhere.     The movers ran out to their truck one last time, ducking through the raindrops even though they were already wet from moving everything to the house.  Pete could hear his mom and dad moving some boxes around as he watched the truck drive away down the muddy dirt road that led to the main highway.     "Looks like a real gully washer," Pete's grandfather said from the screen door.     Pete sat silently, rocking back and forth. This was how his mom did it when she was upset with his dad...the silent treatment.  Except he did feel a little guilty since it wasn't his grandfather's fault they had to move.  He watched his grandfather walk over to the banister at the edge of the porch.     “You know, if I were you I would probably feel like a rug had been pulled out from under me.”     “Grandpa, I don’t know anybody in Lake Johnson.  All of my friends are five hours away.  This summer is right before I start junior high and now I’m stuck out here in the middle of nowhere.  I can’t even see another house from here.”     “Pete,” his grandfather said as he turned around and leaned against the banister.  “Moving is never easy for anyone.  And before you know it you will have plenty of new friends.”     “I don’t want any new friends,” Pete said, and then immediately regretted it.  He knew he sounded like a five-year-old brat.      He stood up and walked through the screen door into the house and up the stairs into his new bedroom on the third floor. It was his dad’s old bedroom when he had been a kid.  And temporary, just for a few months until his parents bought a new house.  He lay on the bed and stared at the walls covered with pennants from the Southwest Conference.  Texas A&M, Rice, TCU, Arkansas, SMU, Baylor.  But no University of Texas pennants…or tu as dad called them. Not in this household.     The room really wasn’t bad.  It was much bigger than his old one, with a big window on one wall and a really cool roll top desk by the door.  The desk had all sorts of neat little drawers you could keep stuff in. And since his parents and his grandfather’s rooms were on the second floor, he had the entire third floor to himself.  So at least he found one positive thing about the miserable situation he was in.     He heard his parents coming up the stairs and he tried to regain the miserable look he had mastered over the last two or three days.  They walked into the room, his mother surveying it for the first time since they arrived.     “Not bad,” she said.  “Although we should get all of this old stuff off of the walls.  And let’s move that desk away from the door and over by the window.”     “No,” my dad said quickly, and a little louder than he probably meant.  “I mean, we’re only here for a few months.  Let’s not make any major changes to dad’s house.”     “Okay, okay Mr. Touchy” mom said.   “I didn’t know your room meant so much to you.”     “It’s not that.  Let’s….let’s just leave it as it is.  We have enough to do without remodeling dad’s house.     “Okay boss…whatever you say.” Mom saluted dad in a mock military fashion.  “Dinner’s in about thirty minutes.  Grandpa made chili.”     Pete loved his grandfather’s chili, and his stomach grumbled just thinking about it.  He lay back on the bed and listened to his parents walk back down the stairs.       The rain picked up outside, and the metal roof on top of the house started to make a roaring sound.   He closed his eyes and waited for dinner, trying not to think of what a sorry summer he had ahead of him.  ###########      “Robert Jones is getting out of prison today,” Pete’s grandfather said, stirring Frito’s into his chili.     “What?” Pete’s mom said, standing up in obvious irritation.  “Jim, he’s a murderer.”     “No. No, he’s not.”  Jim said, looking at his daughter-in-law.  “We’ve had this discussion before.  Robert was in Galveston at the time of the murder.  The prosecution threatened witnesses who saw him fishing.  We proved it and the judge agreed.  He’s a free man and should be home tonight.”     “Who’s a murderer?” Pete asked.  Suddenly things seemed a little more exciting in Lake Johnson.     “Not Robert Jones,” Jim said, looking at his grandson.  “About seventeen years ago Cindy Johnson, a friend of your mom and dad, was murdered along the Bugle trail behind the elementary school.  They were all in high school together when it happened. The police found a bloody shovel and work boots that matched the crime scene in the janitor’s work closet at the school.  Robert Jones was the janitor and was immediately charged with the murder.  The fact that he’s a black man and the girl was white only helped speed the conviction.   Unfortunately for Robert, evidence that would have cleared him was hidden and he spent the last seventeen years in prison.”     “I don’t care what you say, that man is guilty,” Pete’s mom said, finally sitting down and stirring her chili.     “Look Sally, I know she was your friend, but the fact is, he was in Galveston fishing at the time of the murder.  He couldn’t have done it.”     Pete’s dad was quiet during the entire conversation.  Finally he looked up from his bowl.     “If he didn’t do it that means someone else did.  Will they reopen the case?”     “Probably. But a seventeen year old cold case may be hard to solve.”     “Will they want us to testify again?”  Sally asked.     “Testify?” Pete asked.      “Your mom and dad were friends with the girl and they had to answer questions about her friends and boyfriends and things that might help with the case.  I don’t know what will happen.  I just wanted everyone to know because I’m running a big story in the paper tomorrow.”     “You should be proud Dad, helping to get an innocent man out of jail,” Pete’s dad said.     “I am, but I’m willing to bet a lot of people in this town disagree with you.”     “And I’m one of them,” Sally said.  “I’ve lost my appetite.”  She got up and walked out of the kitchen.  Pete could hear her walking up the stairs to the second floor.     “Give her some time dad,” Andrew said.  “That was a tough period for all of us.”     “I know.  But we should all be happy when justice is done.”        ##########      After dinner, Pete and his grandpa sat on the porch.  The rain kept pouring and the dirt road leading from the main road to the house was a muddy mess.  Pete saw something coming down the road toward the house.     “Who’s that.”     “Looks like someone on a bicycle.  In this weather it can only be one person.  Better go inside and get some towels.”  Pete went inside and his grandpa moved toward the steps in front of the house.     A moment later Pete came out with several towels right when a boy rode up in front of the house on a muddy bicycle. At least, it looked like a bicycle. More like a bunch of parts from about ten different bicycles to make up one bicycle.  Butterfly handlebars on an old large framed bicycle with a big tire in the back and a slightly smaller on in front. Pete thought it was so bad looking, that it was really cool.     “Mike Killebrew, what are you doing out here in this flash flood?” Pete’s grandpa asked the boy.     “Permission to come aboard, sir,” the boy said, saluting while he stood in the rain.  Then they all laughed as he climbed up the steps onto the porch.  Pete gave him some towels as he took off his raincoat.      “Mike, this is my grandson, Pete.”     “Hiya,” Mike said.  He looked to be about sixteen, taller and bigger than Pete.  Wet blonde hair fell into his eyes, much longer than Pete’s.     “Hi,” Pete replied.     “Mike’s your age and is going to be in seventh grade next year too,” Pete’s grandpa said.  “And he’s going to quarterback the football team to an undefeated season, right?”     “Hope so. We’ll see.  How long are you here for Pete?”     Pete started to revert to his practiced miserable look, but couldn’t quite find it.     “We just moved in.  We are going to be here for a few months and then my mom and dad are buying a house somewhere in town.  My dad’s the new assistant principle at the junior high and my mom is teaching over at the high school.”     “That’s cool.  Hey, we have a bunch of guys who always play baseball in the morning on Saturday during the summer. Do you want to play with us?                   “Wow that would be great.”  Suddenly Pete thought things weren’t looking quite as grim.     “Do you have a bike?”     “Yeah, I just got a new one before we moved.”     “A new bike?  Nice. What kind.”     “It’s a Schwinn Stingray fastback.”     “Awesome. I would give my eye teeth for one of those.”     “I like the way yours looks,” Pete said, looking at Mike’s bike.  Mike laughed.     “That’s what you call a mixed breed bicycle.  But it gets me where I’m going.”     “Speaking of that,” Pete’s grandpa said, “what are you doing out in this storm?”     “Paul Anders broke his leg this afternoon when he fell out of the big tree on Bugle trail.  I was thinking I could take over his paper route until he can get around again if that’s okay with you.”     “You’ve already got the biggest route, how are you going to get it all done?”     “I’ll just get down there early.  No problem. I can use the extra money.”     “Okay with me.  Oh, and the flyers for June’s movies at the theater will be ready Sunday.”     “Okay. I’ll drop by on Sunday morning to pick them up,” Mike said.  “You want to help Pete?”     “Sure. What do I have to do?”     “Every month a calendar of the movies down at the River Theater comes out and I go around part of town and put them in the screen doors at people’s houses.  Having someone along makes time go faster.”     “Sounds great.”     “Okay, since you probably don’t know how to get to the ballpark, I’ll come by Saturday morning and then we can take the shortcut down Bugle trail.”      “I’ll be ready.”     “Okay, I better go.  See you Saturday.”     Mike dried off one more time and then put his raincoat back on.  He walked down the steps, climbed on his bike and rode off down the muddy road.     “That boy is one of the hardest workers I know.  And a heck of an athlete.   Unfortunately, his dad is a little rough to live with.  He lost his job at the chemical plant and never seems to give the boy a break.”     “Hey grandpa?  Isn’t Bugle trail where that girl got murdered?”     “Sure enough.  But don’t worry.  That’s how half of the kids in town get to school from this side of the woods.  And that trail is full of surprises.  Wait until you see the tree that my paperboy fell out of.”     “Is it a big treehouse?”     “Not really a tree house.  More like a very tall tree made for climbing.”     “Awesome.”     “Exactly. But for the time being, maybe you better not tell your mom that’s the route you are taking. ”     “Gotcha.  Okay, I better get ready for bed.  Goodnight Grandpa.”  Pete turned and ran up both flights of steps to his new room. Suddenly he couldn’t wait for Saturday to come. 