I suddenly opened my eyes. It was still pitch black in the room, my wristwatch showing 4 a.m. It was way too early. The alarm was set to 6:00, but it was unlikely that I could fall asleep again. I carefully stood up from my bed and put on the clothes that were prepared last night. The kids in the orphanage were asleep, and Kristy, my older sister, will be awake around only 7 a.m.


She’s just two years older than me, but not much taller, maybe one or two inches, just a tiny bit, and yet she already took over the caretakers’ responsibilities, who left us around two months ago. She was cooking for us, cleaning the dishes with some help, washing the clothes, and even teaching kids some basic reading and writing skills.


But me, I was so useless. I couldn’t help her much, and truly speaking, I was not interested. I didn’t know how to cook; I didn’t know how to wash clothes in the washer. I probably should have asked her earlier, should have helped earlier. Well, the only thing I knew how to cook was pancakes. I saw the recipe several years ago that was left on the fridge by one of our caretakers at the time, and I remembered it ever since.


Our kids loved pancakes - especially Nell and Max, our youngest ones. Those twins just turned two years old a week ago, and I really wanted to treat them to pancakes with raisins or chocolate chips. They would have loved it.


So, that day a week ago I sneaked into the fridge early morning and found out that it was empty. We had one bag of potatoes left, some tomatoes, and nothing else. No fruits, no meats or poultry. Nothing. I found only some cereal, a box of protein bars, one pack of pancake mix and the last pack of raisins. I cooked the pancakes that day and the kids were so happy.


Max and Nell were running around, yelling, “Pancakes! Pancakes!” but Mary, in her usual manner, wrinkled her nose and asked, “With raisins? I hate raisins.” But I knew she would eat them with pleasure. Mike, Lina, Jake, and Joseph were just happy that they had something different than cereal for breakfast that day. Everyone had a festive mood, especially when Kristie woke up and found out that the kids were being fed and happy.


We were all sitting around the table and eating, but the only thing on my mind was, what will we be eating a week from now? We were running out of food, and that breakfast felt like the last supper to me. I looked at Kristy but she didn’t show any signs of concern, did she have a plan? I never asked her, but that day I knew that I needed to act.


I researched my options during the week by asking around and listening to what people were talking about in Grog’s market, a grocery store on the corner, one block away from the orphanage. One of the few left in our still functioning neighborhood of this mostly abandoned city.


One of the most well-paid jobs that I heard of was being an Avatar driver in one of the underground facilities on the other side of the city near the bay. That area was not under system control, the APDs (Automated Police Drones) stopped patrolling it several years ago, and since then it became a home for many illegal attractions: casinos, bars, brothels… and as I heard recently, now also for an illegal Avatar driver facility at Joe’s.


My path to Joe’s could take as much as a couple of hours, and the path over the hills would be tough. It was a cold, rainy, and windy day today. This weather will get my shoes and clothes wet, so I will need to be careful not to get sick. I needed to get the job. My family wouldn’t survive much longer without money, and without me.


I stood up from my bed, put on my hoodie and jacket, picked up my backpack with a couple of protein bars and a big bottle of water inside, and sneaked out of the house. I walked through our neighborhood that spanned over ten blocks, and crawled through the hole in the western fence.


It was not big enough for an adult, and probably that’s the reason why it wasn’t fixed, but a ten year old, underdeveloped, skinny boy could easily squeeze through. The path through the city was so rough that my jacket and hoodie didn’t save me from the weather. After half an hour my shoes got wet, and at one hour in I stopped feeling my toes. I will definitely get sick, but not today, tomorrow. Today I will get the job.


Several times I heard howling, and had to stop for ten minutes and listen to see if coyotes, or maybe even a pack of wolves would show up. I heard they lost all fear of humans lately and see humans as prey. But thank G.O.D. I didn’t meet either wild animals or gangs, they were not up and around this early in the morning, as there was no one to abuse or steal from.


The city was abandoned and most of the buildings appeared to be in ruins, the virus outbreak nine and a half years ago, and everything that followed, killed ninety-nine percent of the population. It was not instantaneous; it took multiple months to get us here, but after the first week the rockets started flying. No one knows who was first and who we should blame for this destruction, for leaving the world in shambles. Every country blamed one another for this crisis.


Thankfully some parts of the city survived and even stayed connected to the System and the network via the low orbit satellites. Luckily for some of us there is still a place in the world that is intact, a country that had managed to lock its borders fast enough. We call that place Eden, and every single miserable human in the shattered world doesn't even dare to dream about living there.


I shook my head to get rid of all those memories that flooded my mind. Focus. I need to focus on my goal. Joe’s bar should be somewhere close-by right around the corner, the path here took me a bit more time then I had expected and the sky was starting to be painted yellow in the East. But the Joe’s bar sign was still lightened up and bright enough so it was hard to miss it.


***
It was early morning but Joe was up, he actually hadn't gone to bed yet, the night shifters just got out of their pods and some of them were having a drink at the bar, and the day shift should be coming in an hour or so. The door banged and a young boy entered the bar, he looked like he was 7 or 8, skinny, way too skinny for a boy or for any human being. It looked like he didn’t eat well lately. His clothes and shoes were all wet and the water dripping from him was making puddles on the floor. The kid was shivering from the cold, and his teeths were chattering loud enough that anyone in the bar could hear it. All heads turned towards him, it was definitely not an ordinary occasion to see someone like that at Joe’s and people were expecting a show.
“A glass of scotch for me” said the boy with a pretend confidence. Joe clearly saw that the boy was scared but his eyes were lightened up with determination and will. 
“Sit down little boy, and have some hot tea. I bet you can’t pay for scotch anyway” said Joe pushing a cup of hot sweet tea over the counter. The boy took a long sip, another one, his shivering started fading away and his teeth stopped chattering. 
“I bet, you can’t pay for that tea as well”.
“I will pay for it as soon as I get a job, I will be an avatar driver.” Joe was clearly frustrated. “Oh boy, one more of those.”, he thought. “Go home to your mommy, and don’t show up here anymore. This is not a place for a 7 year old kid”, said Joe, “I don’t have either time or desire to deal with you”. 
“I need a job”, answered the boy, “I won’t leave unless you give me the job. And I am 10 already, I am not a boy anymore.”
Oh yeah, being ten makes you a man, not under my watch, thought Joe. The only thought he had was how to get rid of this boy and get back to his job. He had to serve some drinks, check on the pods in the basement. He had work to do. “Ok, I’ll give you a test, and if you fail it, you will never show up at my bar again.” Joe took a square wood plank from the shelf and held it out for the child to grab. “Break it with your hand”.


He didn’t move, with eyes focused on Joe He asked “I break this plank and I get a job?”. The kid was smart & cautious, maybe he will survive in this messed up world, though Joe. “Yes, you break it with your bare hands and you will get a job”. A little show for the patrons won’t hurt, and Joe will finally get rid of this boy when he fails the test. This young candidate for a job took the plank of wood, but didn’t hurry to hit it. While the audience was pulling up (is this a right word for “slowly coming”?) from all corners of the bar, Joe was watching the boy closely, he was not in a rush, turning the plank in his hands looking closely at its front and back side again and again until Joe noticed an evanescence satisfaction in the boy’s eyes. The board was placed between 2 solid chairs, the audience held their breaths, and the boy hit with everything he had. That board made a cracking sound… and didn’t break. Joe turned and started walking towards the bar, people started walking back to their tables, the boy looked shocked on his hands with damaged skin, drops of blood were forming on his knuckles, rolling down his fingers, and falling on the floor. Joe walked over the bar and turned to the boy to tell him to go home, when he noticed that his finger curled back into a fist, and he hit the plank again, forcefully breathing out the air of his lungs. He hit again, and again, and again, until the wood couldn’t resist the force and broke into two pieces. Boy’s fist was messed up, blood and pieces of ruptured skin everywhere. He turned to Joe, hiding a pain grimace on his face and catching up his breath, and said, “You told me to break it, you didn’t tell me I can only hit it once. I have the job. Deal is a deal”. Joe looked around, every single person in the bar was waiting for his answer, most people looked cheerful, but several looked pretty grim. Swen stood up, he sounded irritated. “Hey Joe. What the hell are you doing? This boy is what, 10 years old? And you will offer him a job? In the old world you would go straight to jail for this.” Joe turned to Swen, he was radiating such a forceful anger aura, that some people in the bar for a second thought, that they sensed it on their skin, and if it would be a tiny bit stronger they would have been able to see it with their eyes. Swen took a step back. “Shut your fucking mouth, Swen, and open your god damn eyes! This boy didn’t eat well for a month! He doesn’t have money. Will you feed him? Are you ready to buy him food and clothes and support him till he gets 14? Or do you think I should feed him? Or maybe you think I just should let him die? No? I don’t hear a fucking answer! You don’t have one? Then shut the fuck up and get lost.” Joe turned to the young boy. “The Job is yours, Kid. But if you will fuck it up today, you will lose your chance. Let’s go and I will show you your pod for the day”.


***
I got the job!!! It was hard to describe emotions that filled me, joy, self confidence, fear, but the most strong feeling of all was this indescribable understanding of me becoming a man today, I will support my family, I will bring money and food home, and everything will be fine. Now I need to keep focus and not fuck up.
Joe checked the surroundings and moved the rug behind the bar. There was a small trapdoor on the floor, that he opened up after pressing something around, and he started moving down a really steep stairs. I am not scared, it is just a steep stairs. My hand were sweating, making it hard to hold the rails, but eventually we got into the basement.
“Old time habits, Kid. Always scared that some party pooper will show up and we will need to stop our little business here.” told Joe, guiding me through a dark corridor filled with wires, boards, and some mechanical parts. Eventually we entered a huge room, thick cables were everywhere, on the floor, on the ceiling, routing electricity or data from some huge device in the corner of the hall. When I saw the actual pods, my jaw dropped in awe. They were like huge robo suites, but attached via some mechanisms to a thick support pillar that was going deep into the concrete floor. It seemed so solid, as if nothing could pull it out. One of the 12 pods in the room appeared to be active and the view of it functioning was surreal. The machine was following the movements of a human, inside of it. The man was wearing some tight black clothes that only emphasized his astounding physique. I couldn’t take my eyes off this symbiosis, a machine integrated with a human. It seemed like the man inside was walking uphill, then his movements started speeding up, he started jumping up, down, left and right, moving his hands, as if he was in some kind of fight. Joe interrupted my observational trance by tapping my shoulder. “That’s Mike, he is the top Overworld player in this shithole that I run, he even has a contract with some clan or something. But enough of it, the shift will start in 10 minutes, and we need to set up your pod.” Joe waved his hand, inviting me to follow him to one of the pods. I looked at my future workplace, the beast of a machinery. From a close distance the pod looked even more colossal, every part of it looked so solid, that it send some shivers down my spine. “Can it break my bones?”, I asked with notes of fear in my voice. “Nah, it has enough safeguards, I heard about one or two cases tops, but haven’t seen anyone with my own eye yet. So it may be all just blabber”. So it can break my bones, I was scared,  but do I have a way back? I need to get my shit together. “Will you adjust the size for me? It clearly looks too big for me.”, Joe started hysterically laughing “Ha, ha,... the size for you? It will take me at least couple days to adjust the size for you, and then back to another driver, I will lose 4 days of rental money. Will you pay for that? I doubt it. Here take some extenders from that shelf in the back. I only adjust pods for a long term booking, like the one Mike pays for. I doubt you will ever have money for this. And don’t fucking dare to mess up the work today. You owe me the rent for today, if you won’t get paid for your job, You will be fucking cleaning the floor in the bar with you damn cocky tongue for month.” Yeah. I and all my family will die of hunger faster than that anyway, so I have nothing to lose. I grabbed some weird items that Joe called  “extenders”, they were hanging all over the back wall of the hall. Joe finally set them up and brought a small ladder so I could get into the pod by myself. I put my hands and feet into the extenders, Joe locked some belts around them, tapped the button on the side of the pillar, and while the helmet was going down on my head, I heard a final parting words from Joe “Don’t fuck it up kid, remember? Don’t fuck it up”.